adds mention of 4.10 Egress IPs on cloud platforms (#45697)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-egress-ips-about.adoc

====
Egress IP addresses must not be configured in any Linux network configuration files, such as `ifcfg-eth0`.

> Egress IPs on cloud platforms is only supported on {product-title} 4.10.

Reviewer: cloud platforms here means on  AWS,GCP,Azure, and not only 4.10, support  on 4.10 or later version.

> Egress IPs on Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and Azure is supported on {product-title} 4.10 and later versions.

Reviewer 2: Minor nit:
```suggestion
Egress IPs on Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and Azure are only supported on {product-title} 4.10 and later versions.
```

> Egress IPs on Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and Azure are only supported on {product-title} 4.10 and later versions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Egress IPs on Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and Azure are supported only on {product-title} version 4.10 and later.
```

> Allowing additional IP addresses on the primary network interface might require extra configuration when using some VM solutions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Allowing additional IP addresses on the primary network interface might require extra configuration when using some virtual machine solutions.
```

[id="considerations-manual-egress-ips"]
== Considerations when using manually assigned egress IP addresses

> This approach is recommended for clusters where there can be limitations on associating additional IP addresses with nodes.

Reviewer 3: Try to rewrite this to avoid "recommends." It's better to just describe when a user would want to do a thing, not actually recommend it.

When a namespace has multiple egress IP addresses, if the node hosting the first egress IP address is unreachable, {product-title} will automatically switch to using the next available egress IP address until the first egress IP address is reachable again.

> This approach is recommended for clusters installed in public cloud environments, where there can be limitations on associating additional IP addresses with nodes.

Reviewer 4: oh this sentence was repeated in this section? +1
